>> Mike North: You can also
use Emmet in style sheets.
So I'll show you what that looks like.
All right, so
let's say we've got some style body, and
we can basically create
an abbreviation that
looks like this.
>> Mike North: Tab and
it will be padding of ten pixels.
>> Mike North: So
I cannot remember anywhere near
all of the different style
properties here in order
to make this work for me.
So I rely on IntelliSense, which are these
little autocompletes that it's showing us.
And you can see here, we're being told.
Okay, P10, this is what code is
understanding at this moment, right,
its understanding its padding and
its ten pixels and we should expand it.
We can add a P and
we can see we've gotten 2% at that point.
Lets see if we can do this one.
So that's color black.
And you can hit tab and expand that out.
So it works for CSS2.
>> Mike North: So the too
many style combinations to remember,
remember this is for repetitive stuff.
And like it, this is not a mountain
that you should try to climb and
try to just memorize everything.
If it's repetitive enough,
you will know it.
For me margin and padding,
that's a good place to start.
M10, P10 something like that.
You can even do something like P10!,
don't use important now.
Watch the SAS course for
why you shouldn't use important.
But, you probably do want to remember
these, they're called value aliases.
And it's just an abbreviation for,
think of it like your units almost.
So we've got rem, this is not
really an abbreviation, but px.
Certain things like margin and
padding they will assume
pixels unless told otherwise.
They're other value aliases,
but these are,
this is a good place to start.
>> Mike North: And
from multi word properties just
try the first letter of each word.
Like line height LH that's
probably line height.
But IntelliSense is gonna
tell you the right thing.
>> Mike North: There you go,
it should probably be like that,
or something like that.
So it's designed to be intuitive.
Here's some examples,
like I would definitely remember this one.
I would probably use this all
the time without the important.
This,
>> Mike North: Depends how many cups of
coffee I've had whether I remember this or
not.
This I would definitely remember.
I had to do capacity all the time for
animations and things like that.
So again,
just pick up what you can pick up.
And I probably retain
10% of this stuff but
I still get a ton of mileage out of it.
Even after l n years I still
retain only the stuff that I need,
rIght?
>> Mike North: All right,
so as you start to use Emmet,
first be aware that any new line or
space that is regarded as sort of
a stop in these Emmet expansions.
So if I were to do something like this,
>> Mike North: that's not going to expand.
It needs to basically be spaceless and
new lines are not allowed either.
We will end up creating a custom shortcut.
We're gonna make it placeholder image that
will just be PH, so you can do PH tab.
And then you'll basically just
need to say with the height
of the placeholder in which those
are the two blanks that will fill in.
But it will build this whole image tag
with the URL set properly all done for us.
Big one here, just go for
the small expansions.
I probably only go two layers deep.
If I'm going three layers deep,
I'm exceptionally perky that day,
but two is probably what to shoot for.
Even if you're just doing a div
that has multiple classes on it,
it's really nice to just be able
to do .class, .class, .class tab.
So start there, don't
fall into the trap of trying to
make a perfect one shot thing.
It's satisfying but there it's not
saving you time, it's costing you time.
And again just like the key bindings,
start with the few and
prepare in more as you go.
Add more as you go.